Fix timeout check in WithResult extension (#2101)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

### What's new

### Fixes

> * Fixes hanging of `CompleteWithinAsync` when using with `WithResult` and `AssertionScope`. - [#2101](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2101)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed hanging of `CompleteWithinAsync` when used with `WithResult` and `AssertionScope` - [#2101](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2101)
```
